docs: Added a note in the CloudService configuration page (#5135)
eclipse/kura: docs/gateway-configuration/cloud-service-configuration.md

- **republish.mqtt.birth.cert.on.gps.lock**: when set to true, forces a republish of the MQTT Birth Certificate when a GPS correct position lock is received. The device is then registered with its real coordinates. (Required field).

> - **republish.mqtt.birth.cert.on.modem.detect**: when set to true, forces a republish of the MQTT Birth Certificate when the service receives a modem detection event. For devices configured to use [NetworkManager](https://networkmanager.dev), this property is not available. (Required field).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **republish.mqtt.birth.cert.on.modem.detect**: when set to true, forces a republish of the MQTT Birth Certificate when the service receives a modem detection event. This functionality is currently not supported on devices configured to use [NetworkManager](https://networkmanager.dev), in this case the property value is ignored. (Required field).
```

Reviewer: Is it worth mentioning something like this also in the metatype parameter description?
